# Diary
You can run it on **ANY** playform without changing a single line of code!

(*reminded that the browser should supports the latest WebAPI. but it's common nowadays.*)

However, if you want to use some advanced functions, (only backup currently), you can install [html5plus](https://www.html5plus.org/doc/h5p.html).

Your data are storaged in your device completely, in order to protect your privacy.

# ! Important Notice Before You Use My Code !
Diary is a diary app created by [Bernie Huang](https://github.com/BernieHuang2008).

The only two things that isn't mine are `SMDL.woff` and `musics/`.
- `SMDL.woff` are belongs to Microsoft, I can't find it's Copyright Notice, so I don't know if I can use it. Please inform me if you has an idea.
- `musics/` are generated by AIVA. Copyright belongs to AIVA.

So, for things that owned by me, I will use MIT LICENSE.

# functions
- you can keep a diary any time you want. I've tried my best to keep it as simple as possible.
- it will record the time when you write an diary.
- it will record your location when you arrive at anothor place or sometimes else.
- you can record your mood with a simple click on the top.
- you can review all the diary you wrote by days, but you can't write yesterday's diary or tomorrow's diary. (That make sense)
- you can use more futures by double-clicking the "navigate to today" icon on top-left, in order to input commands. Commands will be introduced later.

# commands
Double click the "navigate to today" icon(which is on the top-left of the page) to activate the command bar.

The current supported commands are listed below:
- `import`/`export`: these commands allows you to import/export all your diarys among devices.
- `backup`/`restore`: these commands allows you to backup your diary, **This function requires html5plus!**
- `print`: this command allows you to print all your diary in the previous month. You can also use API to print the whole year's diary but this requires a *"little bit"* js skills.
- `debug`: this will display the vConsole which you can debug on any platforms.
- `flag`: flags is options. you can enable a flag with `flag enable <flag name>` and disable a flag with `flag disable <flag name>`.
## flag
- `blur-content`: if enabled, the app will blur all the diary unless you click them. This is helpful when preventing someone who wants to spy your secret.
- `random-review`: if enabled, the app will ask you "if you want to have a random review" every time you boot it. It will randomly shows you a diary you wrote, and play a music which matched your mood.
  

